1 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 Buttonfly 1 1 - Enemy from Kirby’s Epic Yarn. They don’t attack you - drops a yarn ball (throwable for damage)
1 0 0 0 1 0 2 1 Buttonbee 1 1- Enemy from Kirby’s Epic Yarn. They can be thrown to make yarn balls.
1 0 0 0 2 0 2 1 Buttonbug 1 1- Enemy from Kirby’s Epic Yarn. They’re more aggressive than Buttonflies and Buttonbees.
2 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 Waddle Dee 1 2 - Enemy of Kirby games. They easily can be defeated.
2 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 Dandan 1 2 - Enemy from Kirby’s Epic Yarn. They are yellow.
2 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 Scarfy 1 2 - Enemy from Kirby games. He’s orange.
4 0 1 0 2 0 2 2 Waddle Doo 2 3 - Stronger version of Waddle Dee.
4 0 1 0 2 0 2 2 Gordo 2 3 - Enemy from Kirby games. They have spikes.
4 0 1 0 2 0 2 2 Chilly 2 3 - Enemy from Kirby games. It’s a snowman who tries to freeze stuff.
7 7 2 3 0 3 2 5 Kracko 2 5- Enemy from Kirby games. It’s a cloud with some spikes and an eye.
Octopea - Enemy from Kirby’s Epic Yarn. They are octopi.
Whispy Woods - Boss from Kirby games. It’s an apple tree and attacks by making the apples in his tree fall.
Shotzo - Enemy from Kirby games. It’s basically a cannon.
Sawgill - Enemy from Kirby games. It’s a long blue fish.
Knuckle Joe - Enemy of Kirby games. He punches and kicks a lot.
15 0 1 0 5 King Dedede - Main villain of Kirby games.



Monty Mole - Enemy from Mario games. They throw rocks at the player.
Wendy O. Koopa - One of the Koopalings from Mario games. Has rings
Bowser - Main villain of Mario games.
Bowser Jr. - Bowser’s son.
Burt the Bashful - Enemy from Yoshi games. They have big trousers.
Goomba - If you stomp one of these, they will die.
Dry Bones - Similar to Koopa Troopas, but can get back up once they’re defeated.
Iggy Koopa - One of the Koopalings from Mario games. Has a yellow magic wand.
Kamek - Villian of Mario games. He often spews magic.
Hammer Bros. - Mario enemies that throw hammers at you.
Koopa Troopa - Enemy of Mario games. They’re easily defeated by stomping on their shell.
Lakitu - He floats around in a cloud throwing Spinies at you. If you kill him, you can float in his cloud.
Larry Koopa - One of the Koopalings from Mario games. Has a wand.
Lemmy Koopa - One of the Koopalings from Mario games. Carries bombs and rolls around on a ball.
Ludwig von Koopa - One of the Koopalings from Mario games. Has a blue magic wand.
Morton Koopa Jr. - One of the Koopalings from Mario games. Has a ruby magic wand.
Piranha Plant - Enemy of Mario games. They are like venus flytraps.
Rocky Wrench - Enemy from Mario games. They pop out of manholes and throw a wrench.
Roy Koopa - One of the Koopalings from Mario games. Has a cannon.
Snifberg the Unfeeling - Enemy from Yoshi’s Woolly World. It’s an Ice Snifit.
Snifit - Enemy from Mario games. They are Shy Guys which have an extended nozzle.
Spike - Throws spike balls at you.
Spike Top - A red Buzzy Beetle with a spike on the top.
Shy Guy - Enemy with a mask.
Paragoomba - Goomba with wings.
Buzzy Beetle - Blue turtles with have a hard shell.
Dr. Eggman - Main villain of Sonic games.
Boo - You can only attack after you block (or look away if we’re having a more indepth action system)

Spider 4 0 1 0 2 0 2 2 3 - Enemy from Minecraft.
Slime 2 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 2- Enemy from Minecraft. It drops slime which you can eat for health but also a poison effect or sell.
Zombie - Enemy from Minecraft.
Skeleton - Enemy from Minecraft. They have a bow and arrow.
Cave Spider - Enemy from Minecraft games. It can be poisonous.
Creeper - Enemy from Minecraft. He’s green.
Ender Dragon - Enemy from Minecraft games. They appear at the end of the game.
Inky - Ghost from Pac-Man. He’s blue.
Pinky - Ghost from Pac-Man. He’s pink.
Pontan - Enemy from Bomberman games. They spin like a coin.Puppet
Trolley - Enemy from Bomberman games. They are in a cart.
Charles Muntz - Villain of the movie Up.
Clyde - Ghost from Pac-Man games. He’s orange.
Andross - Villain of Star Fox games.
Blinky - Ghost from Pac-Man. He’s red.


Spiked Beetle - Enemy from Zelda games. They have spikes and they are turtle-like.
Spiny Beetle - Enemy from Zelda games.
Armos - Enemy from Zelda games. They’re statues that come to life.
Armos Knight - Enemy from Zelda games. It’s stronger and larger than Armos.
Beamos - Enemy from Zelda games.
Bronto Burt - Enemy from Zelda games. They have wings.
Bokoblin - Enemy from Zelda games. They can be defeated with weapons.
ChuChu - Enemy from Zelda games. It’s made out of slime or jelly.
Helmasaur - Enemy from Zelda games. They are small beasts with shells.
Helmasaurus - Enemy from The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess. They charge at the player.
Ice Bubble - Enemy from Zelda games.
Wizzrobe - Enemy from Zelda games. They are wizards.
Shadow Beast - Enemy from The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess.
Shadow Insect - Enemy from The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess.
Shadow Kargaroc  - Enemy from The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess.
Red Bubble - Enemies from Zelda games. They’re flying skulls with fire.
Phantom Eye - Enemy from Zelda games.
Phantom - Enemy from Zelda games. They are guardians.
Octorok - Small enemy from Zelda games.
Lizalfos - Enemy from Zelda games. They are lizard-like.
Leever - Enemy from Zelda games. They are found in areas with sand.
Keese - Enemy from Zelda games. They are bat-like.
Ganondorf - Villain of Zelda games.
Eyegore - Enemy from Zelda games. They have tough defense.
Mini Freezard - Enemy from Zelda games. It’s an ice rock.
Moblin - Enemy from Zelda games. They use spears as a weapon.

Cruella de Vil - Enemy from 101 Dalmatians.
Maestro - Enemy from Hulk.
Magneto - Enemy from comic books. He first appeared in X-Men.
Maximus - Enemy from comic books.
Mystique - Enemy from X-Men.
Omega Red - Enemy from X-Men.
Red Skull - Villain of Captain America.
Catwoman - Enemy in Batman.
Galactus - Enemy that first appeared in Fantastic Four.
Graviton - Enemy from comic books. He appeared first in Avengers.
Altair - Starts fight by dealing damage to the player.
Gargamel - Villain from the Smurfs. He’s a wizard.
Robbie Rotten - Main villain of the kids’ TV show LazyTown.
Rabid Dog - Enemy from Bloodborne. They move fast.
Ridley - Villain of Metroid games.
